hi i am csen wheeler and i am a healer
sorcerer then this is a guide for
a potential sorcerer healer then
let's go first between the destiny and me powers
I would have taken these crap taken
the following skills then condemned done
shared rejuvenation evocations of
circle of fate renewal we go out
heck vocation I took guardian evo
x well of the souls blessing of the
observer souls and finally the super
charge of transcendence by going into the powers
iconic I took now mention fabric
powerful strength the wisdom of
salomone thaumaturgical power and pure in
practice I took these where skill
passive or nanotextile coraceous e
powerful resistance because in reid of
high level
It is very easy for the mob to come to you
on him and make them really bad at
rage of high level as of god or themes
going then into skills in skills
they are a little scarce, that is about 55 points
very little, however, I did what I did
I could with skill points then how
main weapon let's say I have le
guns and I found myself very well or
even the energetic hands are fine a
recco
anyway i got into all the skills
of weapons and I took
vertical and vertical skills e
the passive skill in this case
restoration and all passive skills
restoration present in the various weapons e
also effectiveness of critical care though
I gave especially important is
we say restoration because it increases it
the restoration of 15 and then I thought
precisely to the effectiveness and to the
possibility of critical care
as regards the equipment instead
going into the healer equipment I have
chosen well protection circle
anime rejuvenation blessing of the
anime transcendence finally observer
observer would be this object that
at my side which is very useful for the public
all the power point circle of
protection in the ski we say between the
most important you use together with
rejuvenation circle of care souls
over time all your allies while
rejuvenation and masculine that you will use
that is instantaneous we say from leaders
snapshots in case of pure criticism e
let's say kura kura be one
member who in more serious conditions than
everything and get yourself and offers a good bonus
or 10 percent of critical care
that can be given then there is the
well of the soul and the place
of the soul banks it a little let's say
also over time gives a redhead
soul
let's say that when for example nichi
mob side from more hp php care then we have
transcendence the super charge a lot
important I used it instead of
in the place of arbitrator of destiny that is
a style that uses the same percentage
of super charge lasts a few seconds e
imparts more care and transformation
that
and very useful but I prefer transcendence
it imparts as well this is all
this is my guide
thanks for following me